Update server 4.3+ docs on DLC requiring S3 bucket versioning [ONPREM-1361] (#8870)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server/v4.3/installation/upgrade-server.adoc

[#notes]
== Notes on changes in v4.3

Note the following significant changes in server v4.3.

[#dlc]
=== Docker layer caching (or DLC)

* Old DLC volumes will not be carried over and need to be wiped manually
* Projects that stop using DLC will not delete final DLC cache without manual intervention
* DLC now runs through S3 and GCS instead of SSD Volumes

> * If AWS S3 is used for https://circleci.com/docs/server/v4.3/installation/phase-1-prerequisites/#s3-storage[object storage], DLC now requires https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/manage-versioning-examples.html[versioning to be enabled] on the bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If AWS S3 is used for xref:phase-1-prerequisites#s3-storage[object storage], the use of Docker layer caching (DLC) requires link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/manage-versioning-examples.html[versioning to be enabled] on the bucket.
```
